# crop-disease-finder
The idea is to develop a mobile app titled CROP PROTECTION AND ADVISORY SYSTEM (CPAS) that recognizes the condition of the plant and its type when the image of pest infected plant/crop leaf or specific part of a plant is uploaded along with necessary details.  The type of pest that caused infection can be detected and classified using image recognition and deep neural network. The proposed deep neural network model is trained with the large dataset of images of various crops and the network will be updated from the new images provided by the user time to time.  The proposed system contains all information related to plant/crop diseases and the corresponding treatment for the different stages of the diseases. This information is used to generate the necessary advisory to the farmers when a pest is detected.  ABSTRACT(Contd..,)  The user interface of the application allows various stakeholders of agriculture to access or update the information available in the application based on their privileges assigned to them.  The application will be like a social community where it has all the people who are concerned with agriculture and its research fields.  The farmers can post problems and corresponding agriculture scientist or the expert or a fellow farmer in that field may post a solution for the submitted problem. Since a crop may be grown in different parts of the country, the application will be developed in such way that language does not stop the farmers to use it.  The user interface will guide the farmers to select their preferred language and post their requirements or problems in their language.  The user interface also contains a personal voice assistant which guides illiterate farmers in accessing the information and services offered to them.  The proposed deep learning detection model is also made available as a cloud service if the users device has limited resources.  Block Diagram
